realign goals, questions, and content (#389)
carpentries-incubator/hpc-intro: _episodes/14-modules.md

- "How do we load and unload software packages?"
objectives:
- "Understand how to load and use a software package."
- "Understand how the module mechanism interacts with the shell."
keypoints:
- "Load software with `module load softwareName`."

> - "Unload software with `module purge`"

Reviewer: Note  that module purge would unload all modules, some of which may be default modules loaded upon login.  May want to explain how to unload a single module as well.

Author: Replaced `purge` with `unload`, thanks!

- "How do we load and unload software packages?"
objectives:

> - "Understand how to load and use a software package."
> - "Understand how the module mechanism interacts with the shell."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "Load and use a software package."
- "Explain how the module mechanism interacts with the shell."
```

I think this second one can be more specific TBH - interacts how? In what respect? In terms of affecting the PATH/environment? Or something else?

Author: Right, the exercise in the snippets shows changes to PATH after doing a `module load`. Perhaps:
> "Explain how the shell environment changes when the module mechanism loads or unloads packages."

Reviewer 2: Wordy, but more meaningful 😁 

If you update the objective as you suggest, I would be happy to approve this PR

Author: Done! b3c4a2c

{% include {{ site.snippets }}/modules/software-dependencies.snip %}

Note that this module loading process happens principally through

> the manipulation of environment variables like `$PATH`. There

Reviewer: This maybe unclear to someone who has not used Linux/Unix very much. Perhaps one could examine the output of `echo $PATH` before and after loading a module to explain this better.

Author: For sure! This is examined a few lines above, inside of `{{ site.snippets }}/modules/python-module-path.snip %}`.
